[Music]
imagine if you will a reality in which a
population was so mediocre they produced
more bad films than good ones a reality
too ghastly to imagine well open your
eyes because there in that world that
world is the real one you wouldn't have
it and it's that's the one you're in
what should we fall day just like this
one it reminds me reminds me of so we
meet again
[Music]
probably shouldn't lift that on while I
was gone all right thank God it's just a
crowd this Halloween we're gonna do
something real scary
we're gonna watch howling - your sister
is a werewolf whatever you go to
Kubrick's normal this film is also known
by its original name howling - sturby
werewolf [__] which if I'm being honest
it's got a pretty good ring to it I
don't know why they changed that this
film almost as if divinely appeared on
our planet in the year 1985 starring
legendary actor Christopher Lee may he
rest in peace
it was poised for worldwide success in
acclaim or was it while Lee was
portrayed in a number of memorable roles
such as Saruman the white and the rhymes
with poopoo count dooku from the worst
star wars movie there were also some
roles he may have preferred States Six
Feet Under
sealed away deep in a mausoleum to be
forgotten by man and lost to time
but alas we have the Internet and well
they they pretty much got everything on
there so it's pretty hard to hide stuff
I'm warning you wear a helmet this one's
gonna be rough the inhabitants of the
earth have been made drunk with blood
hey there mr. Lee can I call you Chris
did you even know you're being filmed
here is that have I got you to be in
this movie they just didn't tell you as
a movie and she held full mr.ali look
out there's a skeleton behind you
and there it is howling to your sister's
a werewolf I'm feeling I'm gonna be
maybe howling a few minutes over here
the film starts off at the funeral of a
woman who was recently killed the guy at
the altar goes on about how everything
sucks for a few minutes really getting
everyone into the spirit of things the
death of anyone is a sad occasion even
Hitler nothing we can say or do can
bring Karen back shortly thereafter the
director points the camera and
microphone in the wrong direction as
Christopher Lee and another man
whispered to each other about dead
sisters in the distance what honey I
didn't catch that
oh just get the hell out of here so
Christopher Lee's character named Stefan
is a paranormal investigator who tells
the brother of the woman who died that
he needs to give him a call at his
earliest convenience
Stefan Kraus co-investigator
meanwhile Stefan's the talk of the town
as a town's fault can't help but become
horny and bother at the mere sight of
him Stefan let's go yeah that's normal
mr. Krakow how do you know my name
I've seen you on television what do you
know about the death of Karen white I
know that she is a werewolf oh okay
in that case you think you could
elaborate mr. cross go yeah never mind
no need to explain further got you she's
a werewolf Scott it's all good Jenny
what do you say you said your sister is
a werewolf ah [__]
the howling - is filmed in front of a
live studio audience really that's it
[__] no no further comment wait what
where are we now what a jump cut that
was look Maddy you've gotta be kidding
me
Chrissy boy over here still got in his
old age I got I gotta get I gotta give
props where it's due so then all of a
sudden focus switches to some characters
that sound like a couple of Australians
that got concussions say that better
myself gonna say that better myself
after this exchange the local thuggery
right off into an apocalyptic wasteland
and out to a warehouse to get jiggy with
it but little do they know in reality
she's having a really bad cramp in her
leg so you wanna play huh we like to
play too don't we yeah Wow looks like he
doesn't even have the correct amount of
brain cells to process the pain in time
[Music]
yeah that actually just heard for
[__] real I forgot whatever joke it
is I had planned for that let's move on
everyone you made deacon man and he gets
real nasty when he's mad this can't be
real right this movie is not a comedy
and yet the timing is impeccable the
great John Candy would have been in awe
if he could see this today I know you're
there my little beauty and I've got
something for ya oh yeah that's
threatening alright come on
weird nothing strange going on just
wanna party so of course this woman was
actually a werewolf and she was luring
these people to her lair to get eaten
[Applause]
[Music]
bakit wherever the [__] they are the two
people from the funeral earlier decided
to go to Stefan's house and hear him out
after all
meanwhile in this scene a sexual
predator watches exposition from a
distance there are a couple of things I
know about you sister
oh yeah tell me more backstory maybe
this isn't even good exposition I can't
Jack my big old dick after this Wow
dude why are you bringing this from a
zero to a ten put that thing away
then when the Bombers start knocking off
the chickens we start knocking off the
bombs so they meet with Stefan and his
mansion full of weird [__] these are
done I trust you'd like to see my robust
collection of deformed bonobo heads we
don't have very much time so I will get
to the point immediately this type of
bullet killed your sister
impossible how could a simple bullet
kill a perfectly healthy woman notice
anything about them they're silver you
know what that means
this silver this type of bone against
white means your sister is a werewolf Oh
God does it though for sure
you sure about that it means that your
sister was working on a story about one
such group you telling me my sister
arranged her own murder yes okay this is
a videotape of Karen White's last news
broadcast
oh god that's no that's the wrong thing
heavens meet mr. Cotto this is the right
one
the tape that Stefan shows them depicts
this man's sister being murdered live on
broadcast as she turns into a werewolf
[Applause]
[Music]
it's fake that's not my sister Ben I
recognize those people proof Stephan
also explains that the werewolves have a
leader named Sterba and that it is his
mission in life to destroy her once and
for all
Stella must be destroyed and I won't do
it I think at this point Chris really
just kind of starts to improv as lines
or at least you know realize the
magnitude of his regret on screen either
way is beautiful
evolution is reversed how can you listen
to this ball I resent such words take
those bullets and God be with you
thank you right do you think Stefan is
going on their cemetery tonight to set
traps by the way how much that glue from
earlier where I squirted in my nose you
think got in my brain forgot about the
state we got about what now drive a
stake through werewolves right
wait drive a stake through a werewolves
heart unless we're talking about filet
mignon I think you might be mixing up
vampires and werewolves son of a [__]
was talking about my sister no
stickiness taking my dead sister yeah I
mean I gotta give it to you this is
pretty weird not really a normal thing
to go around be doing I'm gonna kill the
son of a [__] last bit maybe it's best
before so been storms off determined to
kill Stefan before he can desecrate his
sister and Christopher Lee stands on a
freeway overpass in Los Angeles for some
[__] reason you sure this is the way
to the crypt yeah oh yeah that's the way
to decrypt all right
nothing I stalking your sisters dead
body with the conclusion of this event
and in Jenny now see that the tail of
the werewolves is all true so they shoot
bullets at a nearby janitor with facial
deformities for fun poor guy I mean he
wasn't a werewolf he just bored the big
old cleft face after feeling bad for the
wretched soul they kindly drape him in a
net for warmth and force him to reveal
the location of Sterba Queen of the
werewolves before kindly stabbing him in
the heart with the blade again for
warmth guy was cold come on what are you
gonna do leave him there I don't know I
was thinking of hitting up the nightclub
again I want to make sure that what
happened to my sister never happens
anybody else again when do we leave
where do we have to go to find sturby of
course Belle skeleton I should have
known that through the dog country you
don't mean South Jersey Transylvania
Transylvania what okay once again the
vampire one not the werewolf one okay
just pointing it out so yes off they go
to Transylvania to fight the werewolves
boy it hurts I have to wonder if these
weird Dracula references have something
to do with the fact that Christopher Lee
used to play Dracula back in the 50s I
bet they were very proud they snuck this
in just got it right past the masses and
then they have a ceremony for Grandma
I am granny save some of that ecto
cooler for the rest of us
we're running out again and you
ghostbusters well we didn't do that well
oh damn Nana you're looking much younger
what kind of juice cleanse was that
again
[Music]
this woman was hit by a car we must get
her to a doctor quickly you good with
that take you don't want to you don't
want to maybe try that line read one
more time maybe was this even planned is
this just some [__] they filmed on the
side of the road in Eastern Europe
that's not an actor is it this really
happened that's just an old lady who
really got hit by a car she's gonna die
isn't she she's trying to say hello okay
you're just gonna go you're all done
here it's gonna walk away ladies still
down still got one down over here
oh god that's not Madison where the hell
everybody go yeah yeah I'm not really
sure I'm following you on this one and
after you stabbed that lady who got hit
by the car in the heart I'm thinking
maybe you don't have the best judgment
Stefan please Stefan where you going why
are you leaving it's a farm where you
going come back here come on over here
I'm going to the village I will see you
there later
shortly after going to a local poon
house to get my tank licked so now we
arrive at the next setting of the film
what is supposedly a small Eastern
European town in Transylvania lovely
room for the lady in gentleman room six
six six this hotel doesn't look like it
has six floors thereafter Jenni brings
out some vampire garlic to piss me off
even further and she won't stop talking
like a baby seriously everyone in this
movie talks like an actual baby asking
where their mom is where's Stefan
I don't know what the hell we're doing
here I think the director felt similarly
[__] Christ that escalated fast Oh
God please stop oh just make it stop
what is this Godfather 3 you tried to
dethrone the king and queen of the
awkward makeout scene Oh No
is that a [__] beckoning well you know
shits about to go down if a [__]
beckons these men have sworn to fight
still a Silla must his humble brother
daughter
his wife and Jesus last year he was
crucified by werewolves the time being I
just want you to behave as ordinary
tourists how do we keep in touch with
each other
Constantine and Lucca or set up a puppet
boozing square and you could communicate
with me through them all through Father
Florida instead of like all that dough
could just call your cell phone so that
night Jenny decides to take a bath and
unwind from all this chaos Oh No a
creeping dolly shot that can only mean
one thing
oh my god
it's a werewolf or a loli then this
comes back my god it's just not right
how do you think they felt on set huh
look at this guy look at him you think
he was really into that secretly
pretending he wasn't he looks pretty
into that condom keep an eye on Jenna at
this point in the film things are just
getting more and more 80s as time goes
on I'm in fact not entirely sure they
didn't just accidentally slip in some
b-roll from a Madonna concert
[Music]
after Jenny is captured against her own
will and Ben descends on stir bus castle
things begin to escalate gradually with
an email is Sabbath what do you want to
do about sentry a penis knife why didn't
I think of that
[Music]
[Applause]
I know that's right that one I can't
can't get can't get as much behind that
one what in the goddamn hell is
happening in this stupid movie lord then
now Stephane is like following a weird
little girl down an alleyway because she
has some locket yeah that's probably the
best course of action like there's no
one figured out that this set of
circumstances usually leads to a murder
still gonna follow her down the alley
little laughing girl alright let's do it
just two last question I have been
Gandalf
thank you for your that's all I needed
you all right no no actually I don't
think I'm ever gonna unsee that we must
leave for the castle tonight these are
our weapons the consecrated oil wax from
the sacred candles a dagger forged from
titanium and a chalice which held the
sacred blood of Christ oh you got that
and this is just a [__] gun I'll take
that yeah that's probably the best
choice also can we talk about how just
you know nobody bothered to ask how he
got the Holy Grail he just got that just
has that also that means Jesus has
proved real we're just gonna whiz on by
this
[Music]
so as we reach the climax Stephane
finally confronts turbo demons and
powers of adversity bound and held
subject to his will we meet again all of
us
[Music]
in the name of God day I don't know what
the use of showing that guy's face was
dog cake now with dragons coming out of
it yeah hopefully the Christmas episode
isn't this weird so the curse is
reversed Sterba is killed and Ben and
Jenny get out unscathed to live happily
ever after
or do they Jenny for the last time I
told you this is Halloween they dress up
it's just a thing you know what forget
it you're a sweet kid just don't worry
about it your neighbors on your trial
just knocked on our door coming a little
later I hope so hey I think compared to
that I would have preferred my neighbor
was a werewolf oh by the way the sister
is still trapped in the crypt
screaming screaming forever is a
werewolf because no one laid her to rest
just thought I'd point that out okay now
here's the credits sequence and I don't
know if I can accurately impart how
ridiculous this is
so over the credits they use the song
from the beginning and I've not edited
this at all this is how it is to the
beat of the music they loop this woman
Sybil Danning ripping her shirt off in
the scene from earlier 17 times to the
beat of the music hallelujah
there is a God after all
[Applause]
what can you really say huh sometimes
you just want to share your art with the
world just want to share some ladies
tits you're hired 17 times in a row with
the world that's the scariest [__] I've
seen all year happy Halloween everyone
and thank you for watching is this ours
can I break this hello whoo-hoo what a
spooky Halloween this episode of jontron
was made possible by the people at
audible.com if you don't know about
audible.com they are the premier
provider of your audio books and audio
products you can listen to your audio
books on a computer or take them to go
on your phone or tablet and if you use
my specialized link audible.com slash
jontron you get a free audiobook and a
free 30-day trial and you get to keep
the audiobook even if you cancel this
Halloween me and bums you over here
recommend to you is shining written by
Stephen King narrated by Campbell Scott
it's gonna be a good one you should go
and get that goodbye everyone
[Music]